SCA detail + fixing bad push earlier (#292)
vippsas/vipps-developers: common-topics/direct-vs-psp.md

[eCom](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/ecom-api)
APIs have some functionality that is not available in the PSP API:

> 1. Direct integration allows you to have more control over the payment process

Reviewer: What do we actually mean about the payment process? You could argue that with a PSP solution you have more control of the actual payment process if refering to the authorization process since you can choose your own acquirer etc. If we mean user flow, since customization is also mentioned, it is true to some extend. But it is also possible to get custome setups through a PSP (you probably just need to pay for it). 

I suggest that we change 'payment process' to 'integration'. Because that is what they get conrtrol of

Author: Wasn't this wording suggested by you..? 😅

Author: Updated! 🎉

  experience for your customers and can help to increase conversions.
2. Higher success rate.
   With a direct integration, you have full control over the user flow,
   and use the Vipps MobilePay APIs directly without any additional steps or
   middleware.
   See:
   [High success rate for direct integrations](../faqs/common-problems-faq#high-success-rate-for-direct-integrations).
3. Retry functionality: If the user attempts to pay with a card that is declined,
   the user can retry with a different card, while still in the same payment process.
   This results in a higher success rater for payments.
   The PSP API does not have this functionality, as it is the PSP, not Vipps,
   that make the charge.
4. [Express checkout (Vipps Hurtigkasse)](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#express-checkout-payments)
   is only available in the Vipps eCom API.
5. [Userinfo](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#userinfo):
   The Vipps eCom API offers the possibility for merchants to ask for the user's
   profile information as part of the payment flow: name, address, email, phone number, birthdate, etc.

> 6. When using the

Reviewer 2: another point we can add here is Vipps takes liability for user fraud for direct integration

Author: Good point!

[eCom](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/ecom-api)
APIs have some functionality that is not available in the PSP API:

> 1. Direct integration allows you to have more control over the payment process

Author: ```suggestion
1. Direct integration allows you to have more control over the integration - and the user experience
```
